# claimERC20

Web app to claim links for an ERC20 token airdrop from a smart contract generated in eth2air.
The app supports Ethereum Main and Ropsten Test networks right now.

## Process Overview

Receiver follows the link, claims the tokens.
The Server calls smart contract, which verifies signatures and that link wasn’t claimed before. If everything is correct, smart-contract call distributes tokens from airdropper’s account to receiver.

## Claim details

1. On contract deployment an Ethereum account is generated by the airdropper's browser. Address (A) is stored to the smart contract and the private key is used to sign other claim private keys.
2. Airdropper provides to receiver a claim private key and the signature that the claim key is signed by the address A.
3. Receiver signs his Ethereum address with the claim private key and provides both signatures to the Relayer Server.
4. The Relayer Server calls the smart contract, which verifies both signatures and that the claim private key wasn't used before.
If everything is correct, the smart contract distributes tokens and ether to receiver's account.

## Step-by-step guide:

If you want to deploy an airdrop:

1. Open https://eth2air.io
2. You need Metamask connected to an Ethereum address with airdropped tokens.
3. Choose parameters of the airdrop: token address (e.g. 0xaec2e87e0a235266d9c5adc9deb4b2e29b54d009 for SNGLS), tokens dropped per link, ETH per link, amount of links
4. Deploy the airdrop contract with a click of a button.
5. Approve the Smart Contract to send tokens on your behalf. (Button to approve will appear after the smart contract is deployed)
6. Download the CSV file with links generated by the web app.
7. Distribute links to receivers.

To run, install dependencies, `npm install`, and run wds, `npm run start`. `yarn` is also setup.
